See what this is.
This must be fake
This is Tenglong Group
President Murong personally asked me to sign it.
You said Murong came to you in person to sign the contract
If you are interested, I will explain it to you now.
This contract is fake
That is.
You bitch really thinks of yourself as a character
These walnuts must be fake
Hangzhou Group has released an announcement
Unlimited Nobuki Shin
Did Tenglong Group really sign a contract with Liu Qingxue?
Not only did they sign a contract
I am also going to invest 10 billion yuan in my Liu family
And reached a permanent strategic partnership with Liu Qingxue
Tenglong Group
How could I be so crazy with you bitch?
Crazy cooperation
This is simply a free gift. Why?
You may keep your words clean in the future.
What a bitch
Qingxue, that's Sister Li
Qingxue is not sensible at home
Never mind, Dad
Oops bro
Now our house is snowing
The project of Tenglong Group has been obtained.
Is it time to talk about our He family?
What the siblings said is
This clear snow
Make such a great contribution to our Liu family
Hmph, you will come back to the Liu family in a while
Really wait a minute
Have I got the project?
You have no right to stop me
How could anyone
You can let this trash go
It was because you two were rich
Let our Liu family have face
Hmph, what did I think it was?
This trash is not our Liu family
Let him get out of our Liu family, that's not for granted